---
title: Sec 1 Registration 2024
permalink: /sec-1-registration/permalink/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p>On behalf of the staff and students at CHIJ Secondary, we warmly welcome you, our new Secondary 1 student, and your parents/guardians to our school. Welcome to the IJ Family! From this day forth, you have joined a sisterhood of CHIJ Secondary girls who are Simple in Virtue, Steadfast in Duty.&nbsp;</p><p>With 170 years of history and tradition, CHIJ Secondary strongly believes in a distinctive IJ education and experience. Our team of IJ teachers and staff look forward to journeying with you as we guide and support you through your secondary school years, to nurture you into a woman of distinction.</p><p>&nbsp;We look forward to welcoming you to school on 2 Jan 2024. In the meanwhile, we will be touching base with you and your parents/guardians virtually.</p><p>Please take some time to go through the information provided on the sidebar.</p><p><strong>REGISTRATION INFORMATION</strong></p><p>As part of the e-registration process, please complete this form&nbsp;or scan the QR code below to access the online form by 21 December 2023, 12 pm. Do feel free to get in touch with us should you have any questions. For students who intend to put in an appeal to another school, you will still need to fill up the form and notify the CHIJ General Office (6353 4972 or <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chijtpss@moe.edu.sg</a>) should you be successful in your appeal.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>ONLINE BRIEFING</p><p>Please join us for an online briefing over ZOOM on 22 Dec 2023 at 9 am. This webinar is optional as most of the information is already on the school website. There will be a Q and A segment during the webinar should you have additional queries. To register for the online briefing, please fill in this <a href="https://go.gov.sg/chijsec1reg2024" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">form</a>.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p></p><p>For identification purposes, please observe the following naming convention for the webinar:</p><p>Student who are logging in - student’s name (eg. Angela Lee)</p><p>Parents/Guardians - student’s name <em>parent’s/guardian’s name (eg. Angela Lee </em>Bruce Lee)</p><p>Date: Friday, 22 Dec 2023&nbsp;</p><p>Time: 09:00 AM Singapore</p><p>Link:&nbsp;<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/chijsec1reg2024</a></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>SALES OF SCHOOL TEXTBOOKS AND SCHOOL UNIFORMS</p><p>As a safe management measure for Covid-19, the sales of the textbooks and uniforms will be conducted online. There is no walk-in sales in School. Online order and payment could be made at the supplier’s websites.</p><p>While there is an option to collect your items at school for online order, the number of collection slots are limited to avoid over-crowding at school. Therefore, please consider opting for the delivery services online. For students under the MOE Financial Assistance Scheme or IJ Bursary for 2024, the instructions for placing order would be stated in the approval letters.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><br>School Textbooks</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Pacific Bookstores<br>Tel:&nbsp; 6559 2269<br>Email: <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">sales@pacificbookstores.com</a><br>Website: <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.pacificbookstores.com</a><br><br></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School Uniforms</p><p>&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Magdalene Sewing Centre Pte Ltd<br>Enquiry: 62935840 or (whatsapp) 8638 0499<br>(available only on weekdays 8.30am-4pm)<br>Email: <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">info@magdalene.com.sg</a><br>Website:&nbsp; <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.magdalene.com.sg/<br><br>*Sale</a> of School Uniform by E-Appointment is also available at their shop at :&nbsp; Tech Place II, 5000 Ang Mo Kio Ave 5, #05-09, S(569870)<br><br>*Sale of School Uniform is also available at school on : <br>21 - 23 Dec 2023 : Sec 1s only</p><p>26 - 29 Dec 2023 : All Levels</p><p>Mon-Fri: 9am to 3 pm, Sat: 9am to 12noon</p><p>3 - 5 Jan 2024 : 9am to 2pm<br>&nbsp;</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="2"><p><br>Sale Window of School Textbooks &amp; Uniforms:&nbsp; <br>Secondary 1: 21 – 29 Dec 2023<br><br></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Please click on this <a href="https://www.chijsec.edu.sg/resources/parents/booklist/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">link</a> for booklist.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>SCHOOL SMART CARDS</p><p>Please note that all students entering Secondary 1 in Jan 2024 will be issued a new Secondary level School Smart Cards (SSC). We will update you on the collection of the card once the school is informed of the delivery dates.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>While you wait for your Secondary level SSC to be ready, you can continue to use your Primary level SSCs for concessionary travel until you receive your new card. You can still purchase the Bus Concession Pass (BCP) using your Primary level SSCs but you will need to purchase the BCP for Secondary School students.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>ANNUAL HEALTH SCREENING, IMMUNISATION AND DENTAL SERVICES</p><p>The Health Promotion Board (HBP) provides annual health screening, immunisation and dental services for your child. These services ensure the protection of your child’s health and early detection of health issues. Your consent is needed to ensure your child receives these important health and dental services provided. Please see attached letter from HPB with instructions for consent.&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION ACT (PDPA)</p><p>A PDPA letter of consent will also be sent to you in a separate PG for your consent to your daughter’s photographs to be used for various school publications and social media accounts.&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Once again, we would like to welcome you to CHIJ Secondary and look forward to meeting your daughter/ward on the first day of school!</p><p><strong><u>&nbsp;</u></strong></p>